update puma threads tunings (#3248)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_puma-threads.adoc

[id="Puma_Threads_{context}"]
= Puma threads

> Number of Puma threads (per Puma worker) is configured using two values: `threads_min` and `threads_max`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of Puma threads (per Puma worker) is configured by using two values: `threads_min` and `threads_max`.
```

This was changed recently by Lena in daa5114e654bc96cb1840c7ed066e7940372adec

Reviewer 2: Actually, just to clarify, "by" should not be needed in your suggestion case because it's preceded by a verb: there is no risk of ambiguity in the sense of https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/issues/3141#issuecomment-2232701827. When there is no risk of ambiguity, it's actually preferable to stick to "using" (without "by") because it's easier to understand and shorter. (BTW, it's not just the verb "using" that can be problematic. So if we required "by using" on each occurrence, we would need to apply the same requirement to other verbs and that would be... weird :))

If anything, I recommend to use active voice:

```suggestion
You can configure the number of Puma threads (per Puma worker) by using these values: `threads_min` and `threads_max`.
```

... in which case we _do_ need "by using" because otherwise, this could be interpreted as either "configure the number of threads that use" or "configure the number of threads by using" :upside_down_face: 

Or, even more simply:

```suggestion
To configure the number of Puma threads (per Puma worker), use these values: `threads_min` and `threads_max`.
```

Value of `threads_min` determines how many threads each worker spawns at a worker start.
Then, as concurrent requests are coming and more threads is needed, worker will be spawning more and more workers up to `threads_max` limit.

> We recommend setting `threads_min` to same value as `threads_max` as having fewer Puma threads lead to higher memory usage on your {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer 3: Since https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/33214 (Foreman 3.1) this is the default behavior if you don't specify the min value.

Can we drop this line?

For example, we have compared these two setups on a virtual machine with 8 CPUs and 40 GiB RAM using concurrent registrations test.
They both used `--foreman-foreman-service-puma-threads-max=16` and `--foreman-foreman-service-puma-workers=2`.

> Setting the minimum Puma threads to `16` by using `--foreman-foreman-service-puma-threads-min=16` results in about 12% less memory usage as compared to `0`.

Reviewer 3: Since this is the default behavior, should we drop this line altogether and avoid users touching `--foreman-foreman-service-puma-threads-min`?

We recommend setting `threads_min` to same value as `threads_max` as having fewer Puma threads lead to higher memory usage on your {ProjectServer}.

For example, we have compared these two setups on a virtual machine with 8 CPUs and 40 GiB RAM using concurrent registrations test.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> They both used `--foreman-foreman-service-puma-threads-max=16` and `--foreman-foreman-service-puma-workers=2`, but for `--foreman-foreman-service-puma-threads-min` option one use 0 (default) and second setup used 16.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They both used `--foreman-foreman-service-puma-threads-max=16` and `--foreman-foreman-service-puma-workers=2`.
```

> Setting the minimum Puma threads to `16` results in about 12% less memory usage as compared to `threads_min=0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the minimum Puma threads to `16` by using `--foreman-foreman-service-puma-threads-min=16` results in about 12% less memory usage as compared to `0`.
```
